Proxy documentation (#149)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/features/connectivity/destination.md

hide_title: false
hide_table_of_contents: false
sidebar_label: Destinations
description: This article describes how the SDK handles the destination lookup and what the different options to configure destinations are.
keywords:
- sap
- cloud
- sdk
- destination
- connectivity
- JavaScript 
- TypeScript
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl'

## Introduction ##

When developing cloud applications it is necessary to abstract the details where something is retrieved from your code base.
The reasons for this abstraction are manifold: URLs defining a resource may change, in case of a multi customer application the locations depends on the customer, etc..

On SAP Cloud Platform (SCP) this abstraction is provided by a so called destination object. 
This object can be obtained at runtime of the application and contains information like:
- URL
- Authentication
- Proxy Settings (see the [proxy documentation](./proxy.md) for more details)   
...
The Cloud SDK helps you receiving this object and provides also options for local testing outside the SCP.

The SDK provides a generator to create a client or data model based on a service definition.

> For S/4 HANA this client has been created and published to npm. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For S/4HANA this client has been created and published to npm. 
```

In this document we can not explain all details on multi-tenant applications.
Assume a simple example of an application showing the 5 newes business-partner in an S/4 system.
Of course every subscriber/customer will have its own S/4 system and a destination with a defined name is maintained in their account to pointing to that system.

At runtime the application has to lookup the right destination which is the one related to the subscriber account the request is coming from.
The question is now, how does the service return the right destination?

For simplicity an optional argument of the destination lookup has been neglected in the beginning:
```
.execute({"destinationName": 'myDestination', jwt: 'yourJWT})
```  
The `jwt` argument takes the JSON web token (JWT) issued by an XSUAA as an input.  
If the JWT was issued by a XSUAA of a subscriber account it is possible to fetch the destination of this account.
For fetching destinations of the provider accounts no JWT is needed because the application has a service binding to the destination service instance. 

There are three selection strategies defined in the SDK: `alwaysSubscriber`, `alwaysProvider` and `subscriberFirst`.

> The selection strategy can be passed as an optional option to the `.execute()` method. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The selection strategy can be passed as an optional argument to the `.execute()` method. 
```

Reviewer 2: A code example would probably also be helpful here.
